{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Final week updates, on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://harvardhappiness.shalhavit.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://harvardhappiness.shalhavit.com/}}\
My goals were (quoting from last week):\'a0\
"To make changes in writing and understand the \'93making it live\'94 process and edit all the things (or at least a bunch) of my \'93To Do\'94 list that I accumulated this week: changing URLs, Changing text, and overall understanding GoDaddy a bit."\
So: Yes! I figured it out and now I feel more confident with the web\'a0publishing process and making edits.\
"My \'91DONE\'92 Next week: Well, I hope to fix some technicalities in the video exporting process as they came out with pixelized parts. As far as web design goes, I would like to try and add the HashTag option (Bakhtiar suggested wisely that I\'a0do so through twitter - and perhaps in future to\'a0upload to twitter immediately) and/or add a Comment option underneath the videos. Either this by next week or create another page just for comments.\'a0\
It might be the best thing to at least create a document /jpg of the vision so even if it\'92s not all ready by next week I can continue working on it and have a clear goal in mind.\
I would also like to get more user feedback this week from those who submitted\'a0videos for my project and those who watched it.\'a0\
I want to present this interactive learning platform format to my boss at EDx and therefore I want to be sure that my website is presentable and that the vision is clear enough even if the site is yet imperfect."\
\
Ok so what I got done this week is:\
1) Home Page -> Added subscribe button. (Completely functional, even email ID is stored in Database). Also added in all pages in footer.\
2) About Page -> Updated with 3 new videos that I re-edited b-roll to give a clearer message.\
3) Explore Page:\'a0\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 a) Added search bar - though it's currently in "Beta". You can enter some search term text but it will\'a0redirect to "under construction" page. But at least it shows what I want it to be in the future. It won't be too much work to make this change live soon.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 b) Similarly: "submit video" also redirects to "under construction page" (I tried learning from the TUMBLR, it worked but I did something and now it's still not working so this is the first thing that I should fix after class).\'a0\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 c) Featured videos and other videos for all four weeks updated -YES! Also the data is stored in database. I will need to create an entry in database if I want new/change/remove video.\
4) Related Links - No change made. In the\'a0future I will add to this and hopefully get insight from students through the "contact" page. Or ideally, I will find a way to make it self monitored like Wikipedia.\
5) Contact - My users can fill in a\'a0form and click submit. Completely functional. I receive the "contact" emails with details of the person's name, email ID and what message he/she wrote and\'a0it is directed to my personal email.\
\
I think the website overall looks OK. Of course the visuals can always be better and I ALWAYS seem to want to fix and change them which\'a0takes forever so I will leave it looking like this for now. I've made it\'a0as clean as possible\'a0and most important: it's functional!\
Also I tested it on a few friends and they liked looking around, watching the videos, and interacting with the website.\'a0I got very good feedback.\
It is still in beta mode and there is more work to do. But looking back I learned so much. I never thought\'a0I could do anything like this before. Code used to be total Chinese for me and it's unbelievable that I ACTUALLY GET things now. I learned that web design is very\'a0much about learning from others,\'a0communicating well, accumulating knowledge and experience and slowly things\'a0become clear and\'a0achievable.\'a0\
\
Thank you Bakhtiar and Alec. \
There are two old Jewish proverbs "
\f1\fs28 A wise person is that who learns from every human" and "make practicing become your habit" (Chapters of the Fathers). This is so relevant in web design and web development. Practice and practice, fail and learn. And learn! I am grateful and I thank all my inspiring colleagues, you're priceless!\
\
\

\fs96 Future plans:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Comments on videos/interact with twitter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Wiki style info input\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs28 \cf0 \
\
}